pages/en/01 intro.md, before:

---
title: Introduction
---

This guide will help you browse the web securely. It is based around
the Web Browser Samsung Internet the tips are ordered with the things which
are fundamental to browsing the web securely first. The latter tips are more
focused on thoroughly preserving your privacy.

With that in mind the most fundamental thing you can do is ensure you are using
the most up-to-date version of the browser you are using.

When your browser is up to date it has the latest patches and security features to ensure that you are protected whilst you browse the Web.

The links below will let you download the latest version of Samsung Internet or Samsung Internet Beta, the Beta version is aimed at people who want to test the newest features in Samsung Internet. If you aren't sure which to pick just download "Samsung Internet".


<figure>
<a href="https://galaxy.store/internet"><img alt="Get it on the Galaxy Store" src="{{ "/assets/en/GalaxyStore.png" | relative_url }}"></a>
<figcaption><a href="https://galaxy.store/internet">Install Samsung Internet</a></figcaption>
</figure>

<figure>
<a href="https://galaxy.store/internetbeta"><img alt="Get it on the Galaxy Store" src="{{ "/assets/en/GalaxyStore.png" | relative_url }}"></a>
<figcaption><a href="https://galaxy.store/internetbeta">Install Samsung Internet Beta</a></figcaption>
</figure>

Commit message:

Update 01 intro.md
Updated language and inserted paragraph about how to check if you have the latest version installed.

pages/en/01 intro.md, after:

---
title: Introduction
---

This guide will help you browse the web securely when you use the **Samsung Internet** web browser for Android.  The tips are ordered with the things which
are fundamental to browsing the web securely first. The latter tips are more focused on thoroughly preserving your privacy.

With that in mind, the most fundamental thing you can do is ensure you are using the most up-to-date version of the browser.

When your browser is up to date it has the latest patches and security features to ensure that you are protected whilst you browse the Web.

You can check if you have the most recent version of Samsung Internet installed by visitng the **Settings** screen in Samsung Internet and tapping on **About Samsung Internet**. There you should see a message "The latest version is installed" or instructions on how to update your browser.

The links below will let you download the latest version of Samsung Internet or Samsung Internet Beta, the Beta version is aimed at people who want to test the newest features in Samsung Internet. If you aren't sure which to pick just download "Samsung Internet".

<figure>
<a href="https://galaxy.store/internet"><img alt="Get it on the Galaxy Store" src="{{ "/assets/en/GalaxyStore.png" | relative_url }}"></a>
<figcaption><a href="https://galaxy.store/internet">Install Samsung Internet</a></figcaption>
</figure>

<figure>
<a href="https://galaxy.store/internetbeta"><img alt="Get it on the Galaxy Store" src="{{ "/assets/en/GalaxyStore.png" | relative_url }}"></a>
<figcaption><a href="https://galaxy.store/internetbeta">Install Samsung Internet Beta</a></figcaption>
</figure>
